on April 22nd the Japanese promotion
deep returns to the country's capital
city of Tokyo who are promises to be an
electrifying night of combat sports
action pride FC veteran Akira shoji
makes his MMA return when he takes on
former top 10 middleweight Kazuma sake
and a rematch from their 2006 encounter
must have a survey yeah nothing i keyed
up I ain't that scuzzy nigahiga the
toefl defeated go on mizuka well it'll
go up high Choji has faced some sports
most decorated and influential
competitors including Dan Henderson
Mauricio Shogun hua and the hard-hitting
Igor attention expect the freelance
jujitsu specialists to seek Redemption
against his durable fellow countrymen
that unfortunately for Shoji may be
easier said than done the Hitman has
also had his fair share of highlights
through his career including victories
over Dennis Kang ed Herman and two
division pride champion dan anderson in
august 2010 Misaki faced off against
brazilian jorge santiago and about that
would be considered by most pundits as
the fight of the year misaka killa tag
is they got a truck bed can he find it
now ken Shoji turn back time a return to
form by taking out the grappling stand
out or will it be Misaki who makes it
two in a row Japanese submission
machines tutorial kitty oka aims for his
third straight victory when he's paired
with the well-versed guitar on a cow and
a lightweight affair and 2004 the UFC
and pride veteran the cow did what very
few lightweights I've ever accomplished
he stopped kitty okies teammate shinya
aoki by KO
a freelance fighter also has victories
over BJJ practitioner Tony de Souza and
former UFC champion Pat Miletich both by
stoppage in his way as a more powerful
talented and younger competitor in
Kitaoka the 31 year old Pancrase fighter
is a dangerous ground skill set but has
helped him earn tapout wins over Kurt
Pellegrino Paul Daley former pride
champion takanori gomi and top-ranked
Carlos Condit 10 years the junior of his
adversary kitaoka will look to use his
youth and overwhelm the seasoned veteran
and what is sure to be an epic encounter
versatile submission fighter EG matsuoka
returns to action for the first time in
more than a year when he challenged a
south korean fighter jung hyung lee and
a 155-pound matchup Lee will have his
hands full as matoaka holds wins over yo
Keem Hansen Rodrigo damn an ATT
powerhouse glace and tee bow if the
Japanese fighter can take the fight to
the ground it could be a short night for
his asian counterpart rugged japanese
grappler hidehiko hasegawa looks to
rebound from a two fights kid and he
takes on sushi kisaki and a 170 pound
matchup and in heavyweight action ma'am
roo nakamura meets a Gilman Taguchi what
could be a thrilling slugfest these
fights and much much more it's deep 53rd
impact and you can catch it here on the
fight network catch your listings for
details